[MUSIC]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
I have the exercise.
We go to the very first slide, we have
the bit.ly which is func-exercises?
>> Speaker 2: There's
a question I'm not sure
if do you need the var?
And then you said the 4 inblock.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: The question is,
do you need var?
No you don't,
I didn't want to give it away though.
So, the question is do we need var.
I can't delete that but
do we need var, this var?
No you don't.
>> Speaker 3: That a red herring?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What's that?
>> Speaker 3: If you put it there it's not
gonna matter, yeah.
>> Speaker 3: The last
stuff you could touch on a lot fewer?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Basically-
>> Speaker 3: Will we cover let in varied
scope and
let in the advanced JavaScript course
on what matters?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: So if you don't.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, basically what
let, it's just like instead of using var,
you could say I can't edit this.
Instead of var here, you would say let
i = 0, then i would be in that block.
I've never used it before,
I don't have any experience with it,
but that's the idea.
If you take the advanced JavaScript
course it'll go more in depth.
On that and more in depth on scope.
There's lots of aspects to scope and you
can really dive deep into the mechanics of
how the JavaScript engine works and
how it parses it and
goes through and more in depth.
And it's really, really interesting and
it will really inform
your understanding of how JavaScript's
really working in the background the way I
do it is just kind of willy nilly kind of
just the basic idea of how its run but
there's a lot more too it actually.
Cool.
So here is a link for the function
exercises and we're gonna start with
scope This is a little different then
the exercises that we did yesterday.
The scope exercises are test driven.
I have a dock here, the read me,
that will explain exactly how to do it.
But, the basic idea is,
let me see if I have it open, No.
The basic idea is if we go here, is
that you're going to, you can copy this.
You can clone down the repo, if you're
familiar with that, or you can just
download the zip once you download
the zip, you can go into the scope folder.
You open your SpecRunner in your browser,
and
that's gonna show you
a bunch of failing tests.
I'll just do it, let me,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: I'll
just show you how to do it, let's see.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And then let's see.
So I just download it.
And you unzip it, scope-exercises.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Where'd it go?
Here it is so, inside there we have our
spec runner which we open in the browser.
And you can see that we have one pass and
eleven failures.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And then,
let's see here.
Then we want to open up this function.js.
And you're going to open
it with your text editor.
And here we have some where our
failing tests are see if I can.
So we have this describe block which
is gonna encapsulate all of our tests.
And you see that we're running it
immediately down there at the bottom.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
then inside of the callback function here.
We have before each, so before every it
block that's before each is gonna be run.
And we have this var actual variable
that is initialize on the find.
And so before each is run
actuals gonna be set to null.
And then, instead of this it block,
we're going to explore the rule
that this string describes.
So this one says, a function has access
to it's own local skull variables.
And in this call back function,
we are gonna be testing that.
So here, we have this function.
And then we have a variable named inner.
We set ACTUAL to name,
we call that function,
and then we have this expect statement.
So it's gonna be expect(ACTUAL
=== 'inner').to.be.true.
So we want this to,
this conditional here to be true.
So you could just actually type in true,
but that would be cheating.
The way you wanna do is go through and
change these three question marks
to what, it would be either be null or
undefined or some string.
And so you go through and
then check your answers.
You can,
here let's just make this one false.
You save it.
And then you go to your spec runner,
you refresh your spec runner,
and it will show up.
So we can see that this one didn't pass.
And then if we want it to actually pass,
we'll just change it to what it is,
we save it, and then we refresh the page,
and we see up here, can you guys see that?
See up here that we have one pass.
And this will show you the rest of
the ones that you need to change.
And it has a little
description of the error here.